hello everyone enterprising engine 93
here with a special custom model segment
I kept this on the down-low for a bit
but I've been collaborating with Caleb
trained to produce some custom models
for the show there will be three videos
like these so be sure to keep an eye out
Caleb has done some wonderful work on
the models and I felt he deserved a bit
of spotlight anyway here are a few
questions I feel will arise after seeing
this video number one who the heck is
sigrid of arlesdale that sounds like a
painful pointman or something well
that's kind of gross but secret of
arlesdale is a minimum gauge diesel
engine based on the Shila of x dale on
the raven glass and X Dale railway she
is one of the four diesel engines
working on the small railway in the
railway series Sigrid's color scheme was
based on oh one salties depiction on the
wikia which was very helpful in making a
model that never appeared in a story she
was only mentioned in the book the
Island of Sodor it's people history and
its railways uh I guess I'm assuming
she's female because she was named after
her surgery and heroine from the 11th
century number two
hey EE 93 Jacques exists he has a book
by the way you have really nice eyes
thanks but that wasn't really a question
anyway I'm working on that I want to
make Jaques model really good so I
haven't rushed it I might also wait it
out a bit and see if the show gives any
sign of introducing him who knows maybe
we'll get thumper instead number three
do you think she will appear in the
actual show probably now that Caleb went
through all the trouble to paint her and
carve a face on her if a coffee pot made
it into the CGI series anything can
happen
my only hint for the second segment will
be is this why exactly do you think coal
default was delayed in the first place
anyway I thought I'd end things with a
little plug for Caleb as you all
probably already know this guy is a
scenery master a modeling artisan and
really works miracles with a small space
and expert camerawork be sure to check
them out if you have it I hope everyone
is having a nice summer regards e93